Add fiber instrumentation (#1802)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

  The configuration option `instrumentation.thread.tracing` is now enabled by default. This will allow the agent to properly monitor code that occurs inside of threads. If you are currently using custom instrumentation to start a new transaction inside of threads, this may be a breaking change, as it will no longer start a new transaction if one already exists.

- **Add Fiber Instrumentation**

>   Fibers are now automatically instrumented similarly to threads. This can be configured using `instrumentation.fiber`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `Fiber` instances are now automatically instrumented similarly to `Thread` instances. This can be configured using `instrumentation.fiber`.
```
